[Click here](../README.md) to view the README.

## Design and implementation

The design of this application is minimalistic to get started with code examples on PSOC&trade; Edge MCU devices. All PSOC&trade; Edge E84 MCU applications have a dual-CPU three-project structure to develop code for the CM33 and CM55 cores. The CM33 core has two separate projects for the secure processing environment (SPE) and non-secure processing environment (NSPE). A project folder consists of various subfolders, each denoting a specific aspect of the project. The three project folders are as follows:

In this example, the firmware reads the data generated by Infineon's XENSIV&trade; 60 GHz BGT60TR13C radar sensor to detect gestures.

The application captures data from the radar sensor at 200 Hz input frequency. Once at least 10 frames of data are captured, the inference engine runs to determine the occurring gesture. Each possible gesture is assigned a confidence score. The confidence score output from the inference engine is then displayed on the UART terminal. 

Currently, the radar configuration settings used in this application match the radar's 'Default' use case configuration from DEEPCRAFT&trade; Studio. To configure the radar for other use cases, see the *radar_settings.h* file.

> **Note:** The radar model provided in this example is not production-ready and is provided here for reference only. You are expected to develop your own model and replace the files here to quickly test the model.

The *model.c/h* files can be updated to use other models generated by DEEPCRAFT&trade; Studio. For more information, see [Deploy model on PSOC&trade; 6 and PSOC&trade; Edge boards](https://developer.imagimob.com/deepcraft-studio/deployment/deploy-models-supported-boards/deploy-model-PSOC-6-PSOC-Edge). For details on generating, optimizing, and validating the model code using DEEPCRAFT&trade; Studio, see [Code generation for Infineon boards](https://developer.imagimob.com/deepcraft-studio/code-generation/code-gen-infineon-boards).

> **Note:** The radar models of larger size or higher frame rate may not work as expected in this application by simply replacing the *model.c/h* files. The mechanism of feeding the radar data to the `IMAI_enqueue()` function model may need to be adjusted in this application to match the model use case.